# Online bookstore hosted on Infinity free

All businesses are moving to a virtual space from their physical spaces as it is beneficial for both the customer and the seller. The biggest advantage of online shopping is that customers have a wide variety of products to choose from. People’s lives have become very busy that they have no time to spare for leisurely shopping or the pandemic has put a restriction to shopping for items in person. This was the problem primarily intended for online shopping to solve. That's why importance of online shopping is increasing with the passage of time and one cannot deny this fact. Another attractive element of online shopping is their provisioning of vouchers and discounts. Online shops give you lot of discounts that you may not find by shopping at the physical stores. Online shopping not only saves our time but it saves lots of your money by not going to visit each shop and spend money on gas and patrol. At the same time, hosting, deploying and maintaining a website also tends to be expensive and cannot be afforded by all, especially small businesses. We propose using cloud services to tackle this problem.

In terms of payment gateway the most famous payment gateways in India are UPI and Razor Pay. We are using Infinity free host. Infinity Free is probably the best web hosting you can get for nothing and it comes with no expiration date. Its one-and-only solution includes some of the neat features you would usually expect to get with commercial-level hosting only, such as unlimited disk space, (almost) unlimited bandwidth, industry-standard cPanel and the Setaceous one-click installer.
